import type { TemplateEssay } from "./types";

export const essay: TemplateEssay = {
  templateId: "jobsite-punchlist",
  seoTitle: "Jobsite Punchlist, Free Template for Trades",
  seoDescription:
    "Every callback handled before the final check clears. The end-of-job walkthrough list, touch-ups, caulk, outlet covers, inspection, final invoice, warranty docs.",
  heroline:
    "The job is finished when the punchlist is finished, not when you put the tools in the truck.",
  intro:
    "Every general contractor, every electrician, every painter has lived this Tuesday: the homeowner does the walkthrough, points at three things, you nod, and four weeks later you're staring at a check that hasn't cleared because the door still rubs and the trim is still dinged. The punchlist isn't a formality. It's the difference between getting paid this week and getting paid in six. The list below is the spine of every closeout, drop it into a workspace, edit the items to match what the customer actually flagged, and work the list down to zero before you cash anything.",
  sections: [
    {
      heading:
        "Walkthrough first, list second, scope third.",
      body:
        "Do the walkthrough with the homeowner present. Take the notes on your phone, not on a clipboard the homeowner can't see, they should watch you write down what they're saying. Anything that comes up later that wasn't on the walkthrough list isn't a punchlist item; it's a change order. That distinction is worth more than every estimating tool you'll ever buy. The walkthrough also resets the clock, the punchlist starts when the walkthrough ends, not when the project ostensibly finished. Two days, three days, a week, but bounded.",
    },
    {
      heading: "What's in this template",
      body:
        "Ten tasks built from the closeout patterns most trades engagements actually run. Walkthrough first, P0 today. Touch-up paint, caulk, outlet covers, door swings, the four things that show up on every punchlist regardless of trade. Final cleanup before photos, because the portfolio shot is the marketing artifact you don't want to re-shoot. Final inspection scheduled with the AHJ because permits don't close themselves. Final invoice, itemized, payable on completion, because that's the document you point at when the homeowner asks why the holdback is what it is. Warranty docs and manuals delivered last; they're the courtesy that gets you the next job.",
    },
    {
      heading: "Why a workspace, not a notebook",
      body:
        "The punchlist isn't yours alone. The painter coming back for touch-ups needs to see what you flagged. The HVAC sub coming back for warranty work needs the manual you handed the homeowner. The homeowner wants to know what's still pending. Drop them a magic-link share, they see the same list you see, in real time, without an account. Three editing guests are free. If you run more than one open job at a time, the Workspace tier is €12 a month for unlimited workspaces, one per address, one per project, without the per-seat tax other tools charge to invite a sub.",
    },
  ],
  closer:
    "Apply the template in 30 seconds. By the end of the week the list reads zero, the inspection is closed, and the check clears.",
};
