import type { TemplateEssay } from "./types";

export const essay: TemplateEssay = {
  templateId: "midterm-week",
  seoTitle: "Midterm study plan, a week-of checklist that actually works",
  seoDescription:
    "A midterm week schedule built for three exams in five days. Seven tasks, one workspace, and the boring stuff, sleep, breakfast, no one else puts on the list.",
  heroline:
    "The difference between a B and a B+ on a midterm isn’t an extra hour of studying.",
  intro:
    "It’s whether you slept. It’s whether you ate. Every midterm guide on the internet, the listicles, the r/college threads, the productivity influencers with a ring light, wants to sell you a colour-coded Pomodoro schedule and twelve flashcard apps. None of them put “sleep eight hours” on the list because it sounds like something your mom would say. Your mom is right. You’ve pulled the all-nighter before. You know how the second hour of the exam went. The week of midterms is not when you out-grind anyone; it’s when you stop sabotaging yourself.",
  sections: [
    {
      heading: "Why most midterm schedules fail you",
      body:
        "They optimise for the wrong thing. A nine-hour study block at 2am is worth maybe two hours of a rested brain, every cognitive-science paper of the last twenty years says the same. But the schedules you find online treat sleep as the variable to cut and re-reading the textbook as the variable to protect. It’s backwards. Re-reading is the lowest-yield study activity there is. Sleep, retrieval practice, and a meal with protein in it are the highest-yield, and they’re the ones every checklist quietly skips because they don’t feel like work.",
    },
    {
      heading: "What’s in this template",
      body:
        "Seven tasks, in the order a midterm week actually unfolds. A one-page review sheet for each class, P0, today, because if you can’t fit the course on a page you don’t know the course yet. Redo every practice problem from class one, then class two, not re-read, redo, the only studying that maps onto the exam. A two-hour study group on Wednesday with phones in another room. Office hours with three specific questions written down, not “can you go over chapter four.” Eight hours of sleep the night before, marked non-negotiable. Breakfast the morning of. Each task has a priority and a placeholder day so the meta-work of scheduling is already done.",
    },
    {
      heading: "Why drop it into Tasks, not a Notes app",
      body:
        "Because the study group needs to see the same list you’re looking at. Tasks gives you a workspace free, plus three editing guests, exactly the size of a working study group, no per-seat upgrade, no “invite the team” modal. You drag the practice-problem task into doing, your roommate sees it, the third person stops re-doing the same set. If you want unlimited workspaces across every class, a .edu address gets the full Workspace tier free for two years. Otherwise the free tier covers a midterm week with room to spare.",
    },
  ],
  closer:
    "Apply the template, set the bedtime alarm, and let Thursday morning be boring instead of catastrophic.",
};
