import type { TemplateEssay } from "./types";

export const essay: TemplateEssay = {
  templateId: "wedding-day-of-run-of-show",
  seoTitle: "Wedding Day Timeline Template, Minute-by-Minute Run of Show",
  seoDescription:
    "A real wedding day-of run-of-show, 8 AM hair through 11 PM send-off. Free, editable, share with every vendor. No spreadsheet required.",
  heroline: "A wedding runs on schedule or it runs on the maid of honor.",
  intro:
    "Every wedding has a timeline. The question is whether it exists in writing before 6 PM the day before, or whether it lives in the photographer’s head, the planner’s text thread, and the bride’s mother’s memory of the rehearsal. The weddings that run smoothly are not the ones with the calmest people, they’re the ones where the florist, the DJ, and the officiant are reading the same document. That document is what this template is.",
  sections: [
    {
      heading: "What goes wrong without a written run-of-show",
      body: "Florals show up while hair and makeup is still in the bridal suite and there’s nowhere to put them. The photographer arrives expecting a first look at 11 and the couple is still in robes. Family photos eat the cocktail hour because no one wrote down who’s in which grouping. The DJ misses the toast cue because no one told them toasts moved to 7. None of these are dramatic failures, they’re the small frictions that compound into a day the couple later describes as a blur. A written timeline is the difference between a wedding you remember and one you survive.",
    },
    {
      heading: "What’s in this template",
      body: "Ten anchor points, in order, with real times. 8 AM hair and makeup arrives. 10 AM florals delivered. 11 AM photographer first looks. 1 PM venue setup walkthrough. 2:30 PM guests arrive and pre-ceremony drinks open. 3 PM ceremony. 3:45 PM cocktail hour with family photos running in parallel. 5 PM reception dinner. 7 PM toasts and first dance. 11 PM sparkler send-off and getaway car. Every line has a tag, bride, vendors, photo, venue, ceremony, reception, so the florist sees their cues and not the seating chart drama.",
    },
    {
      heading: "Who this is for",
      body: "Couples planning their own day who are tired of the Pinterest screenshot of someone else’s wedding. Day-of coordinators who need to hand a vendor a link, not a PDF. Planners running three weddings in October who want one workspace per couple instead of one Google Doc per couple per vendor. The free tier holds one workspace and three editing guests, usually enough for the couple plus a coordinator. The Event tier is €89 once, and the workspace keeps reading long after the day, which matters because you’ll want the timeline back when your sister gets engaged.",
    },
    {
      heading: "Why a list, not a spreadsheet",
      body: "Spreadsheets are for accountants. A wedding day is a sequence of cues, each owned by a person, each with a time. That’s a task list. Everyone with the link sees the same version, edits land in one place, and when the ceremony slides fifteen minutes because the officiant got stuck in traffic, you move one row and the whole vendor party sees it. Project management shouldn’t be behind a paywall or a knowledge gap, and a wedding shouldn’t be the first time a couple meets the tools that would have made the last six months easier.",
    },
  ],
  closer:
    "Open the template, drop in your real times, share the link with every vendor by Thursday. The Saturday takes care of itself.",
};
